Marucho, Drago and I were on a mission to save New
Vestroia.
We joined up with the Bakugan Battle Brawlers
Resistance.
Mira... Ace... And Baron.
So we can battle the Vexos and free the Bakugan!
But first Drago and I had to prove ourselves to the
Resistance's hotshot Brawler; Ace!
Now we just have to smash all three Dimension
Controllers to free the Bakugan!
How hard can that be?
Next stop, Alpha City, New Vestroia!
[\u266a]
Ta-daa!
So, whaddya think?
It seems to fit you just fine.
That uniform looks awesome on you!
[chuckling] You got that right, man.
This stuff fits like it was made for me.
The better you look the better you brawl.
Hey, if you're passing compliments around,
how about some for me?
Wow, lookin' sharp, dude!
[embarrassed laugh]
Lucky for me you guys had this uniform in junior size
You may be small...But you got all the right stuff,
Marucho.
Ok let's move on...Dan, you can't just battle with Drago.
Thanks, Mira.
These are cool but I won't be needing them.
Drago isn't enough.
I need some back up, Dan.
There is strength in numbers.
What?
[gentle laugh] Now do you see my point?
[embarrassed chuckle] Yeah, I guess.
Sorry about that, Drago.
Is there a Bakugan for me?
Sorry, Marucho...I had all of my Pyrus Bakugan taken
from me in my last battle.
[gasp] That's all right, Mira.
Hey, Marucho.
Don't worry about it...I'll get those Pyrus Bakugan back
the next time I battle the Vexos. Got it?
In that case, I'll be there to cheer you on, Dan.
Now before we meet the Vexos,
let's get in some heavy-duty training.
And I'm just the guy to lead it, too...Whaddya say?
...You mean you would train me?
That would be funny to watch...
But then, who would train you, Dan?
We can all train together.
This is like a dream come true...My personal trainer is
going to be Daaaaaaaaaan... Thank you, Master
...Thank you so much...
I promise I won't let you down!
[\u266a]
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Get Psyched!\"
Tell us another one of your stories, Master Dan!
How about when you and the other Brawlers helped Drago
to become part of the core?
I can't get enough of that one!
Or what about that time Marucho mentioned where you
threw Drago in the river?
Hey! Give me a break... I'm hungry. Baron, give the guy some space.
Seriously.
I try and then I start thinking...What happens when
you teach me all of your secrets and I become an even
better Brawler than you are?
Then I'll be the mightiest Brawler in the universe!
...Those Vexos will run when they see me coming!
Sorry Baron, but the most powerful thing about you
right now is your mouth.
Huh, what was that?
If you spent as much energy practicing as you do
talking, you'd be a master Brawler now.
No way...
How could you say that?
Don't listen to her, Baron...You're totally doing
fine.
Right Drago?
She does have a point.
Okay then...We'll show them you've got what it takes
together. And you can bet I won't go easy on you, Baron.
OK?
Yes!
Your word is my command.
Come on. Lighten up. That was a joke.
[laugh]
[bored sigh]
Spectra, I it's time we did something
about them.
Don't you think?
I am already on it, sire.
[\u266a]
[throat clearing] Where do you think you're going?
Shadow...
You're up to something and I want to know exactly what it
is...You wouldn't be hoggin' all the fun? Would you?
Don't be such a child.
I'm on the hunt for the Resistance.
Ooh. I want in on that.
It's been way too boring around here.
Why don't you take me along for the ride?
[crazy laugh]
...Come on!
If you insist.
[yawn]
Baron reporting for training, sir!
It's pretty early...but let's get going!
Okay! Gauntlet Power Strike!
Gate Card set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
This should be interesting.
[\u266a]
[big breath] Get psyched! Get psyched! Get psyched!
[battle roar]
The most important thing in winning a battle is getting
psyched for it.
Let's see what you've got! Ready?
Get psyched! Get psyched! Get psyched! Get psyched!
Get psyched! Get psyched!
Is it gonna be like this every time he brawls?
Hope not.
[embarrassed laugh]
[sigh] Sorry Nemus.
These humans, they do funny things.
I understand.
Bakugan cannot be responsible for their brawlers.
Get psyched! Get psyched! Get psyched! Get psyched!
Get psyched! Get psyched!
Mind you, I haven't seen Baron this excited and
confident in a long while.
Really?
Sooner or later he's gonna find out the truth about me.
Wow.
Baron's really getting pumped!
I'm an even better teacher than I thought.
I'm sorry, I can't train with you.
Yeah! Stay psyched! Keep it up!
Whaaaaa? What are you talking about?
It's just that I don't deserve to battle with
someone of your skill and bravery, sir.
That's a pretty warped thing to say.
I'm just not worthy.
I'm so sorry!
You see, it's all my fault what happened to Tigrerra!
Tigrerra?
We were brawling with Spectra.
I lost my nerve.
And then I lost Tigrerra!
I had no idea.
That makes it even more important for you to get
back in action, dude!
To battle and win back Tigrerra.
But if I lose again they'll take Nemus from me.
I couldn't stand that!
[gasp]
Remember you lose your Bakugan...
when the difference in power levels between the two
Bakugan is more than five hundred.
I couldn't risk that again, Dan.
Could you?
I know it's tough but ...you gotta try.
No way!
I'd rather just hand over Nemus than to lose him in battle.
You don't mean that...
He does.
So save us the grief and just run away now!
Think you're going to free the Bakugan with that attitude?
We can't afford to have you in the Resistance if you are
just going to give up.
Don't you think that's pretty harsh, Mira?
The poor guy needs to get his confidence back.
Let's calm down!
An experience like that is bound to shake a guy's confidence.
If Dan works with him I bet Baron will
be back to his old self.
Ah come on. Lighten up, Mira.
I mean, you know what it's like to lose a Bakugan too.
We're all in this together.
We have to work as a team.
My point, exactly.
What?
A team is only as strong...
...as its weakest member.
Baron...
What do you think, Nemus.
Are you willing to take a chance?
I am.
But it's not up to me.
Baron is the one who must decide.
And I must obey.
Dan and I are partners.
We have equal say on all decisions.
[crash]
[\u266a]
Shouldn't we run...!?
Nice landing.
[maniacal laugh]
Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
[impact]
[effort]
[relief and crazy laugh]
You imbecile...Must everything be a joke with
you Shadow?
What a rush!
Mylene! ...Shadow!
What's up?
Who's that?
More of the Vexos.
[maniacal, mocking laugh]
Surpriiiise!
[\u266a]
Hang tight, Battle Brawlers...
We'll be right back.
Gate Card Set!
It's time to Brawl!
So who's got the guts to battle me?
How about you, human?
Big mistake guys...
Let's get this party started.
Not you...
Let Baron take him on.
Huh?
Did I hear you right?
No, no. I don't mind. Dan can handle this one.
This is your chance to prove your worth, Baron...
Are you ready to jam or ready to run?
Mira!
Chill out, Mira.
Hey Ace, don't you think she should cut Baron some slack?
So what's it going to be?
Battle Shadow?
Or run away with your tail between your legs?
...But what if I lose Nemus?
It is up to you, Baron.
I would battle beside you any day.
You-you would?
Of course.
I believe in you.
Okay...
We'll do it together.
[yawn] This one's not even worth my time.
You want him, Mylene?
No way.
I'll leave the small fry to you.
Aw, come on!
How come I get the lame battles?
Then finish him quick.
Ready whimpus?
Gauntlet...
...Power Strike!
Alright... Gate Card...
Set!
Darkus Anchosaurus...
Bakugan Stand!
[roar]
...He can taste your fear!
Baron, let's go!
Huh?
Trying to ignore my invitation?
Ha!
That's not very polite.
Here, I'll make you battle!
[attack roar] Shock Down!
[surprise, pain] Haos Jelldan, No!
[bulbous, watery, surprised roar]
His Bakugan flew out of his hand!
Shock Down ability drags out an opponent's weakest
Bakugan whether it wants to battle or not.
And that ain't all...
Power loss detected That ability's dragging Haos
Jelldon's Power Level down!
Oh no!
Run Jelldon!
[crazed laughter] Don't bother!
At least Jelldon wasn't taken away.
You can't sit back and play defense, Baron.
Attack!
You're playing like you've already given up!
Gate Card Set!
Baron, leave this one to me!
Bakugan brawl!
Haos Rafflesian!
Baron, please!
Ability Activate!
Glow Shield now!
A shield?
Ya gotta be kiddin'?
If you're not gonna battle like a grown-up, run along,
little boy!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Darkus Hammersaur!
No! He destroyed my ability by Standing his Bakugan?
Forget it... Counterattack, Baron!
Gate Card, Open!
Haos Reactor!
That raises Rafflesian's points by a hundred!
And now... Ability Activate!
Mirror window!
As long as Mirror Window is active,
Hammersaur can't use any of his abilities, so there!
[annoyed growl]...
And oh yeah...
The more you try to crush through Mirror Window the
more damage you do to yourself!
[growling]
Whaaat?
Good move!
You've got him now, Baron!
But not for long...
Bakugan Stand!
Hey! No fair!
[shocked gasp]
Who's talkin' fair?
Anchorsaur will shatter Mirror Window.
Just your bad luck!
Let's go, Anchorsaur!
Ability Activate!
Magnerius!
[roar]
Ability Activate!
Crush hurricane!
I'll take Rafflesian now!
[manic, crazed laugh]
That's a powerful attack!
The difference in power level between them is more
than 500!
Hands off Rafflesian!
Ability Activate!
Flow Gloa!
[defiant cry]
That should be just enough!
[relieved sigh]
He managed to keep Rafflesian...
But he lost two battles.
And if he loses again...
No way...
You ready, Drago?
No Dan. I'm not...
This is Baron's fight to win or lose.
But Drago...
Baron doesn't need to prove anything to me.
But he needs to prove something to himself!
You can do it!
Mira...
believes.
Of course she believes in him.
She believes in the whole team.
Don't you see, Dan?
That's why she was pushing so hard.
I get it, Marucho.
What Baron needs...
is for all of us to believe in him too!
Yo, Baron!
Listen! Stop protecting Nemus and battle!
...I can't.
Nemus! It's time to speak up.
Tell Baron how you feel!
You're his partner!
But I...I don't know how.
You're breaking my heart, really!
But I'm getting bored!
You've still got a battle to lose.
It's time now for the main event.
[manic cackle] Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Darkus Atchibee.
[threatening squeal]
[fearful gasp] It's no use!
I can't win against Atchibee, Nemus!
And if I lose, that mean's you'll be taken...
like Tigrerra!
[roar]
Baron, I understand.
But we can still free Tigrerra...
It's just... Well...
You can't win or lose if you don't battle!
Ah? Yeah!
We're in this together.
Nemus...
You are right.
Ok! Let's do it!
Win or lose we'll battle together and protect each
other!
That's what I wanted to hear!
Now let's go!
Alright Kick it!
Bakugan Brawl!
Bakugan Stand!
Nemus!
Now we're talking!
[battle growl]
Field Open.
[mocking laugh] Finally giving up Nemus?
I'll add him to my collection.
Nobody touches Nemus on my watch.
Ability Activate!
Raven Lore!
Ability Card Set.
Another lame attack...
Try this on for size.
Ability Activate!
Vermillion Jet Black!
[battle roar]
[Gasp!]
What's happening?
[pain cry] Nemus Power Level 250.
Yeh! How's it feel to be useless?
[manic laugh]
Ability Activate!
Shade Cocoon.
Yes!
What did Baron just do?
Shade Cocoon is a special ability only Nemus can use...
It allows him to completely shut down his opponent's
abilities.
I don't need any abilities to defeat you.
Hammersaur Stand!
No! He's ganging up on Nemus!
That dude's hardcore!
Baron, do something now!
Not yet Dan.
It has to be when the time is right.
But you've got to hold on Nemus!
I'll hold, Baron! [defiant grunt]
Now we've got a party!
Let's invite Anchorsaur!
Power Level doubled.
Oh no! The difference in power levels is 750 points!
Baron!
It's over!
Oh it's over all right...
It all comes down to this...
No more running away, Nemus!
One last attack!
One last chance to win!
I'm with you Baron!
Fusion Ability Activate!
Flow Skylight!
Power Level transfer complete.
What?
You took their combined power!
Light of the majestic sky, release my friends from
captivity!
Haaa!
My life meter!
It's dropped to zero, but how?
Game over!
Wow! Isn't it awesome?
Alright!
Flow Skylight is a fusion ability that can only be
used when Shade Cocoon is active.
But it can only be activated once when the power level
difference is over 500 points!
[disbelieving gasp] You mean you faked me out?
So you had to bring Nemus to the brink of defeat in order
to activate Flow Skylight.
That's serious brawling!
You had to risk the very thing you were most afraid
to lose in order to win.
You took a chance, Baron and won by more than 500 points.
You freed three Bakugan at once!
And you wanted to give it all up.
No fair!
I'm the one who's supposed to cheat,
not the Resistance!
You are an overconfident nimskrit.
I am not!
Oh man up.
This is your loss and you're taking the blame for it.
Get in the ship.
We're going and this time...
I'm driving.
I can't believe how bossy you are.
See ya! Wouldn't wanna be ya!
You did it, Baron.
I did... Didn't I?
What did I tell you?
It's all about getting psyched!
Then you battle with everything you've got!
Oh yeah! I was totally psyched!
But I couldn't have done it if Nemus hadn't trusted me,
hung in there the way he did.
It was nothing.
I knew you would not let me down.
We are partners.
A team to the end.
Nemus!
[happy laugh] That's the nicest thing a Bakugan has
ever said to me.
Not so tight. Let me breathe.
[joyous laugh]
I guess we don't need Master Dan and
Drago anymore, do we?
Nemus and I, we can free all the Bakugan ourselves!
Hey! I've still got lots to teach you.
So drop and give me twenty push-ups!
[\u266a]
Hey Mira!
Hey! What are you doing all alone out here?
We're ready to go.
Okay.
You were unbelievable today...
You really push the edge, you know?
Seriously, you pushed Baron to a new level.
Thank you. I learned how to lead from my brother.
Oh!
So is that him?
You know that day I found out the Bakugan were
intelligent beings?
[pained, defiant roaring]
Miss Mira... This way...
Hey! [effort]
My brother was there.
I saw him.
But he disappeared and I ran off.
I started the Bakugan Brawler Resistance,
and I haven't seen him since.
That's intense.
I have no idea where he is now.
But.. I know he's somewhere in New Vestroia.
And he's fighting to free the Bakugan, just like I am.
And we'll find each other some day.
You bet...
Mira? Master Dan?
Where are you guys?
Get it in gear or we'll leave without you!
Then I get to be in charge!
[laugh]
Come on, guys!
Stay cool Baron, we're coming.
Marucho here!
I know Dan and Drago are the greatest Bakugan Brawlers in
the universe but they're gonna need my help.
But what can I do without Preyus?
Of course, finding a Bakugan is only half the battle.
I still have to prove myself to her before she's willing
to be my partner.
Then Mylene revives a powerful ancient Bakugan to
take us down!
I hope my lucky stars are watching over me.
Bakugan Brawl!
You don't want to miss this one!
[\u266a]